As you can see, indoor plants are a natural type of filter and can purify the air of harmful contaminants. 
Air purifier:
These plants love bright, filtered light and a little attention now and then.

Plant care: Water moderately to keep the soil moist, especially in the winter. Prune the leaves and wipe them down to keep them looking pretty

Repotting :To maintain your plant’s health and give it the best chance for survival in its new container, water it thoroughly in the original pot before transplanting. Snip away any roots protruding from the drainage holes that might trap the plant in the container.

Repotting pointers
Choose a pot that’s at least one inch in diameter larger than its previous container.
Place a coffee filter or piece of paper over the drainage holes.
Add about an inch of soil to the bottom of the new pot.
Remove plant from its original pot.
To promote growth, prune any roots that are straying from the root ball.
Place the plant in the new container.
Add soil around the sides of the root ball until the soil is level with the surface of the plant.
Water it again. Et voilà!


care tips gor indoor plants:
1. 
Keep potting soil moist, but not wet.
3
Use water that is at room temperature

4
Use a hand-held moisture meter to ensure hydration levels in your soil.

5
Select a pot that has good drainage.

6
Select an area in your house that gets adequate sunlight. 

7
Don’t move your plants around a lot

8
Increase the humidity in the room. 

9
Fill your pot with a balanced, 10-10-10 fertilizer.


10Regularly prune your plant. 

Kitchen gardening is something all of us can do to make our cities greener. It’s a garden where you grow your own food— herbs, vegetables, fruits. What’s more, it gives city dwellers a chance to produce their own food—fresher, healthier—and learn in the process about local varieties.
why buy kitchen plants:
1.Clean air: Your balcony, terrace or courtyard can become your green lungs amidst the dust and dirt around you. The more you plant, the more fresh air with good oxygen you get.

2.Herbs detox: Herbs are quite essential in our food which helps in detoxifying and healing properties in our body. Few herbs and plants that are easy to maintain in kitchen garden are: lemon grass, coriander, cilantro, mint, tulsi, celery, fenugreek, spinach.

3.Aesthetics matter: Plants make your home greener, more peaceful, uplift your mood and make you feel more positive.

4. Stay grounded: Modernisation uproots us from the mother earth. As the ancient sages say, our body is made of five components that includes earth, water, ether, air and fire. So it is very important to stay connected with earth.

5.Organic vegetables: Growing own fruits and vegetables can offer the opportunity to reduce the amount of pesticides that are used commercially, making them healthier

6. Compost your waste: Plant fertilisers, made by decaying organic materials, like kitchen wastes, will help your plants grow faster, while helping you to get rid of your garbage

7.Cheap and easy: Kitchen gardens can help you grow things at home and bring down the need to buy from the market, hence, save money on food purchase.

8.Recycle and use: You can recycle vegetables in your kitchen garden. For example, you can collect your unwanted vegetables and make compost for it and use it again for compost, growing new vegetables and herbs.

10. Health friendly: It is a great way to engage the whole family in physical activity. Gardening is known to reduce levels of stress hormones.

